happy holidays lead people how are you
we're back we're back it's beach grill
and tonight I'm a Christmas tree for the
upcoming holidays get ready for this
snow down here we go okay looks like i'm
going to pick timo all right I want a
Christmas team oh there is one I'm not
doing that lame rabbit that's the one oh
sorry who's this one going to be I don't
ever saw said before this is a twisted
fate uh that doesn't look very nice what
he's doing what Dorrans are adorns ring
oh I'd love jewelry okay good bye ta
most cute I'm not saying I'm cute timos
cute all I can tell you is there's no
team in Teemo they should go out now
yeah come on all right all right all
right I'm shooting I love it I love it
gotta get this guy no cave oh we're on
each other's d nice nice you might kill
him don't follow me oh ok so there by
this that's not good oh we're into the
jewelry mode just for christmas i love
it suits your needs vote for me farming
what kind of crops cool o gold that's a
best crop of all I'm so fancy you
already knew I'm in the top lane huh I
slain an enemy what oh I'm old mom watch
out you leveled up you why not I hope
your are oh whatever i'll let up at all
qrz d whatever you happen i don't know
if i'm getting cute wait what happened
poison
oh you need that I killed them again oh
I knew it R is it's a secret yeah nobody
is knowing when i'm using our I gotta
get some people Oh get away from me oh
okay oh the charts blown up your damaged
your damaged over you to chase and
faster whoa impressa f you keep that F
thing all the time every time you tell
me press F I die we could pause it for a
minute nobody guess okay oh that's right
parents always tell to pause there's no
pause in league okay nordstrom Santa
boots oh we're buying she looks sad
liandry's torment what does this do it
doesn't harm ents people I'm on my own
folks watch out here comes team oh I
gotta be to recall and heal okay I'm
weak I'm weak I gotta heal I need some
help oh I'm dead I don't know what to
buy I'm gonna buy ruby crystal okay leak
people Scott's changing the stream so
I'm just buying what I want you have no
idea what I've been doing I i slayed
people a couple of times i bought a ruby
you're Chris Dula by myself I don't know
I'm just doing stuff oh I'm in the ring
of fire yeah because you weren't here so
I said heck was that we can make over
I'm buying a ruby crystal it's almost
Christmas to get him who's this guy oh
my gosh I'm all screwed up or sorry
again where you are well
oh I forgot about mushrooms no run this
way along along along I don't know but I
did it how do you so click in and hit
cell who's gonna who's gonna buy it
summoner Here I am I gonna I gotta get
this guy it's weird promise me Harley a
naturalist you know I'm not even telling
you how to play him this is her first
time playing theme I swear it is it
really is i would lie to you guys come
on I'm your friends your leap friends
I'm gonna blow you up there you go oh I
would love a pentakill laning phase is
over why I never heard of such a thing
gotcha oh oh my gosh haha oh I'm still
healthy though it's about oh I gotta get
this guy he's sitting there in his
little go-kart Oh what the heck did I do
that for oh he at me okay shoot fucking
cheap haha I killed cuz i said are Oh
copy your mushrooms but it's right
actually there's snow balls for
christmas i I'm I'm catapulting oh my
gosh ha we did it that was fun you get
like 20 kills I don't know I wasn't
keeping track team oh I think you've
earned it I want the sky okay so oh how
fun yay now you have asked in your first
game aha this is so much fun oh oh this
says your fellow summoners have honored
you for your recent exemplary behavior
oh that's so cool thank you everybody
who who I'm honored me who got quadra
kill good job it's your panty kill Shane
go go good job shade going to the
Christmas tree forest go pick a
Christmas tree helpful in teamwork to
helpfuls and teamwork thanks guys I feel
like I was being carried just a tad
hey what are these guys stick their
tongues out poros oh they're cool Oh
who's that little King he's the poro
king what's he trying to do eat the
turret yordle yeah I know timos from
vandal city right I know what makes him
tick I have heard of right games riot
beach girl go Benny go Vinny go Benny go
what are those little things they look
like pearls are in tuxedos there in the
bushes look like they're puttin on the
Ritz thanks for being so friendly and so
helpful and be willing to play and
listen to me what was I doing casting so
I guess I will end this thing right this
video and say Happy Holidays to
everybody we're a TMO costume that'd be
cool oh I'd love to go dude timo costume
we're um we're gonna try to go to the
house yes games in spring I'd be fun no
one got pro hmm so if you guys are there
we'll see you there
you